HACKING.md: document SNAP_CLIENT_DEBUG_HTTP usage (#12467)
snapcore/snapd: HACKING.md

To debug interaction with the snap store, you can set `SNAPD_DEBUG_HTTP`.
It is a bitfield: dump requests: 1, dump responses: 2, dump bodies: 4.

> Similarly, to debug the interaction between the `snap` command-line tool and the
> snapd's REST API, you can set `SNAP_CLIENT_DEBUG_HTTP`. It is also a bitfield,
> using the same values and behaviour as `SNAPD_DEBUG_HTTP`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, to debug the interaction between the `snap` command-line tool and the
snapd REST API, you can set `SNAP_CLIENT_DEBUG_HTTP`. It is also a bitfield,
with the same values and behaviour as `SNAPD_DEBUG_HTTP`.
```
